take me to the happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that [__] called Destiny I think she
ran up without me together
welcome back to Lady Babylon what we've got on the plate for you tonight is a
little bit odd it's going to be off track in order to keep you necromancers
alive we're going to be drawing up a spirit but only near the end
of our time although he is a lovely
otherwise tonight what we're going to do is we're going to depart and we're going to talk about me
a little bio for to answer your questions and I cannot think of something that
makes me more uncomfortable than this so um because who wants to talk about
themselves right hit it
[Music]
foreign
before we get to the bio I want to also mention that tomorrow
at 10 A.M we will be having our first
intensive Greek necromancy class we're having it in the morning early on
a Saturday in order to accommodate people's time 10 o'clock Mountain
who are living across the pond so hopefully our British contingent will
be able to come and partake of the offerings which I'll talk about a
little bit more in a minute but somebody asked me today
who are you they wanted to know because they're looking at a
potential future in the area they want to know who I am and
where I teach let me show you I've made a little video
it's just a short video but it encompasses some of the headlines
and a couple of images and some nice music from Zane Campbell
thank you very much Zane and um Chewie roll it I was lost in an
airport I walked outside onto a golf course
foreign
I woke up from the dream I had flown in from somewhere
I didn't know where I was going dreams are kind of like a life sometimes
they don't make sense I was dreaming about an old love
you were lucky I left you I would have made you miserable
though it broke your heart [Music]
I made it a nightmare but you woke up and I was gone
[Music]
foreign [Music]
[Applause]
headlines was I'm fired for a phallus yes
um the stage prop that was being used in our bakic performance of the Medea
it was part of the sacking that the association
for University professors the American Association the aauup descended on the
University and said not so fast you have done wrong and you have taken a
man out when other professors approached me and said you're going to be fired I I um
I had no reason to doubt them but I pressed ahead I pressed ahead with
bringing them that Medea can can we see the Medea again
um do we have her image yes this is actually
um this is actually one of my students and she was the
inspiration of the play and after my sacking which as you know
behind the scenes involved an official inquiry by the Catholic Church into my
state of demon possession and whether or not I was opening oracles
um um portals yeah through oracles yeah fantastic so I
that's where I'm coming from that's where I'm coming from and it was
my honor and duty to the Muse to be able to serve
in that capacity to be able to take students we had great success with our programs with people
who enter Classics um just because of the work that I was doing and all I was
doing was showing these texts was opening up this Avenue to these texts
and so what happens to a person after they are
fired from a university they end up in a very uh tricky
situation that brought me ultimately to the base of the largest constantly
occupy the the only the oldest constantly occupied City on the planet uh another planet excuse me
um on our continent yeah yeah anyway
um it's a necromantic center a village and um that's how I came to this desert
um I was I landed here after my termination from the University
I landed here much to the Chagrin of my students and there's a whole
um you can see from the headlines you know it landed our University in the um tops 10
bad universities for free speech and these are it's not a distinction that
they wanted to earn but at the same time when you point a phallus
when you point a phallus at someone you bring something from the ancient
world into the modern by means of magic they're
only all these texts are always talking about bringing the future and the past into
the present it's the art of the mogress to be able to do that
it is Magic itself so bringing that power back into the present
is um something that I thought was the goal
and so that's how I oriented my programs and teaching the student that you see
bring her up again please that's such a I'm so proud foreign
this method actress who thrilled on the stage and everybody
said this was the best thing that this university has ever produced yeah full houses every night sold out
the the counters at the Seminary
um off the charts for dirty internet web uh internet traffic
you know that you hit on when you get stats like that back
anyway I'm so proud of what she was able to do
she was able to bring that lady Babylon she was able to at that very time when
those fallacies were pointed at the audience and when we brought them the fury you
could hear it crackle in the air you could feel it within the audience
when we brought them the figure of that Fury back and said your greed
stains your soul with a stench of ruin um that's when we had the victory the
students saw it and the students knew it so when I was fired
um uh it was uh it was upsetting to a lot of people because what you're doing
is you're cutting off the the very source that you claim your
place of your Museum you're supposed to be they're supposed to have access to this information well that student wrote
me she graduated and she went on to act um started her acting career and um when
she she gave me a note that I have to this day in my jacket pocket people want
to know my motivations and what makes me want to do what I do
um her note said dear Dr Hillman
you have shown me more of Christianity
than any of my priests could ever do thank you for the education
and I thought yeah that's why that's why you do it right there
yep so for those of you who are going to be coming to this class tomorrow what I'm
offering what I'm offering to you is a hardcore
preparation for intermediate level reading of ancient Greek this is your hardcore
intensive beginner course I will be more of a drill instructor
than anything to you and you will get tired and you will complain that your muscles
hurt and I had just had somebody in for the first time
and he told me after a after a workout he said I didn't think
it was going to be so tough right um yeah because that's how you have to
be able to burn through what what is piled up over that strength that
inner strength you have to forge ahead with that and that's what I'm here to do is to show you you can see what happened
in my situation you can see what happened and you can
know that I was not going to back down that I was going to bring the
authenticity I was going to bring the muse right and I wasn't going to back down
um there should be no censorship despite what you may
take what you may be willing to endure you should not be willing
to endure the rape of the muse
now having said that we have an issue to deal with and that is um there have been
Cersei um has reported to me that there have
been issues with misogyny on this site of all places
for misogyny to be where we study and venerate a woman
we study and venerate a woman if you want to say we we worship femininity
well what kind of misogynists would be welcome
yeah if we're going to follow the oracles and if we're going to look at that Medea because the real history is
way more interesting than what you're being given
yeah what I'm given the real history is way more interesting when you get down into those texts and
you know that you people know that that's why you want to come tomorrow right the ones of you that want to take
that route I'm offering you a specialty here I am Ronan you can see that from
the video I'm on the outside
great job got a lot of attention people said this is real real potential here
and these theories right these theories
um are going to change things yeah yeah and all I was doing was giving him
evidence hey you guys there's a whole bunch of drug books these people are all on drugs right and they're they're using
they're giving their infants opiates right all the time why oh why
slows down your bowels right you get a little diarrhea and take some opium feel better get some sleep
you know this is part of our culture that's all I was giving them those were the theories the things that they said
were theories that's what and it's catching up to them it's catching up to them the
the place that we have to go now is we have to say Okay we started the magic I
see The Pact I know what what direction this is going I understand now
that I am in an implicit agreement
and I will know consciously when pieces of this agreement including what
I need to do are provided or given and one of those things
is this clothing thing next uh two weeks from now
we will have a Fight Club
yeah it's the get your outfits on Fight Club
Neil will be the champion that one Challenger
will be able to um to challenge
yeah now here's the setting
We are following an a saturnian initiation okay in order to do that
authentically you must follow the Roman legionaries
yeah isn't that Nate this is preserved with them it only makes sense
it's always the officer Corps who's who's involved in these aristocratic
types of goings-on right we we want that bakkick we want
that common democratic bakunt um worship
yeah we want that Bach fever we want that menatic
feminine religion
so um we follow the greatest Greek manly hero that ever lived
and that is Heracles and Heracles
was remanded to the custody of a queen
by the oracle yeah by the oracle
by the Oracle herself so this is pretty serious sentence and
um it is there that he develops the understanding
of the Queen's lingerie
you know some of you
are delving into the sources now and sending me messages that say oops you
said this I didn't think this was right and there it is right this is a problem that I've had in
the past with a lot of people people always say no no they can't be when I tell you that Jesus Christ is arrested
in the public park at 4am with a naked boy you're like oh no that cannot be
and then you look it up and then you say it can be and it is and that's my
reality right so um
what I would like to do what I would like to do is to give you
access to that initiation pathway and in order to do it
we have to revive that classical gymnasium
and we are going to do that in two weeks following the heraclion
understanding of the bacchic woman's kit
the minatic kit okay this is the dress
this is the dress of the right and if you are Heracles you
are wearing very nice lingerie very nice this is a queen's lingerie
all right so in order
um you know I could just tell you it's because one of the misogynists snuck on here started saying stuff the pig has to
be sacrificed right this Beast that wandered in has to be sacrificed and now
we all have to wear the kit of the me net I will be there as
referee it will be three rounds
best two out of three
um the first to two Falls is out person by person monoi mono this is
wrestling right it's a gymnasium and I will present questions to them that will
allow them to master or submit their opponent
all while dressed in mean attic kit
and people that people that I'm talking to are are um you know we have a good group now
but I would like a few more members to join it'll be going to the games night we'll
extend the time and I think you'll see why this whole gymnasium
thing is so necessary you're getting tired of one voice
you need to see the laboratory and you need to see how it's integrated and how
we turn these things into body movements right we need to get the muscle memory
of it and how we're going to do that we're going to follow Jesus right where's my dolly I want to know
where he touched me all right we're going to follow Jesus
because Jesus now I'm speaking to those of you who are
evangelicals Presbyterians Catholics um charismatics
who's popular enough mega church people sitting in the giant Stadium Joel Osteen
type I'm talking to everybody out there who fits that description
yeah and I'm telling you that Not only was your God arrested in a public park
with a naked boy but the institution that built itself around that pedophile
is an institution of pedophilia yes
yeah I published a book on it in the early church and you know
several professors told me that's what's going to get you fired right but what would you have me to do what would you
have me to do you people have entrusted me with your time
right I don't need to sit here and give you garbage I want you to have access to
that clear stream and in order to do it we're going to have to watch men wrestle dressed in
classy YouTube friendly lingerie
and when you can do that when you can do that you can enter the state
um ask yourself why are bakkings always you know I was I was writing to Neil to tell him about this right you've got to
gotta have the Platinum wig and don't bring that dirty blonde stuff don't bring the dirty blonde you need Platinum
wigs that hair should be wool it should be the it should be the color of wool
because we're going to Jesus and Jesus in The Apocalypse right where
we find Lady Babylon Jesus is wearing a
lingerie top with a wig of wool
yeah just beautiful beautiful platinum hair why is he doing that because he's
the Morning Star right and that's what she does
yeah okay if you understand initiation now you know why John is taking his boys
to the wilderness yeah I wanted to read to resurrect to you
tonight tomorrow morning
it'll be good to see everyone a symbol it'll be nice to meet you to see you
face to face and we'll get to work right away I want to finish tonight because what I
feel like I haven't given you what you've come here for because we've just talked about me
so I want to bring up to balance me I want to bring up just
for a minute Charles baudelaire and his
band poetry can I read you just four lines of his band poetry this is
from the Florida Mall the flowers of evil are you ready this will this might be painful
Within the dwindling glow of light from language lamp
sunk in the softest cushions soaked with heady scent
hippolyta lay dreaming of the thrilling touch
that spread apart the veil of her young innocence
you're dirty this is dirty is it just me or
have we entered the this is Charles baudelaire and as you are reading Charles
baudelaire The Florida Mall which you will as you come across the saturnian verses
don't be surprised that what I am saying is just what
another dragon said before me these Dragons Who stand in the field of
Mars did you ever wonder why Medea's face why her song stands in the field of Mars
yeah it's because we're at War we're at War and that's why you guys are
gonna show up Heracles is going to show up confident and strong
as the object of sexual desire as the look of the Gaze
yes you won't let it phase you you'll stand up you're secure enough to stand
up to feel the Gaze and to stand up you'll embrace the lingerie
and embrace it I know I will um I had this since we're talking about me let's just keep talking about me when
I was in Israel people have asked me well if you're helping us to go through
this why have you done this before and not yet um very organically my
initiation happened when I was in Israel and the people in bed were sitting up
and telling me things and then running off the next day crazy like
um when I was there a group of women descended upon me I
don't know it's probably eight yeah and they took me back to their
Dwelling Place yeah and they stripped me of my clothing
it was the locals were celebrating a festival this is near Armageddon
Tel megido anyway the locals were celebrating a religious Festival
so it was time to go out and dance they stripped me naked
and reassembled my clothing with the kit of a minad
yes they did they gave me a just a gorgeous dress
and took me out as if we were one big drunken Troop
and the dancing oh the dancing was spectacular the dancing was spectacular
I ended up in the end running like most do I hit him from the
back and so I ended up um you know running back I found I was
safe don't worry everything was everything was fine but in the process
of that initiation I realized that I had a tool against
every misogynistic impulse that that I would ever have
yes you see why you need the Balkans you see why you need the mean ads tell me
Charles Charles you're telling me about hippolyta and her and her innocence
can you tell me about what's the name of your next poem it's condemned women
condemned women that's interesting the two good sisters wow that's another
one can you tell me something a little bit a little bit darker or deeper you could
tell me about the Fountain of blood you could tell me that
you could tell me about the allegory can I read the allegory
picture of beauty shoulders rich and fine letting her long
hair Trail into a wine Talons of love the poison tooth of sin
slip and are dulled against her Granite skin she laughs at death and flouts
debauchery those fiends who in their heavy pleasantries gouge and Destroy still
keep a strange regard for Majesty her body strong and hard
a goddess her eyes call mortal beings to the
charms of ready breasts between her open arms
she feels she knows this made this Barren girl by our desire fit to move the world
the gift of body's beauty is Sublime and draws forgiveness out of every crime
she knows no hell or any afterlife and when her time shall come to face the
night with a capital in show me death like a newborn
face to face in innocence with neither guilt nor hate
those of you with ears to hear will see her
and will know her
where is that Englishman Rob is Rob here Rob is not here yet um he'll be here in
a minute perhaps and perhaps I'll just in the show he's probably doing something he shouldn't nasty man
um we're here at the field of Mars we're here at the field of Mars here he comes
but before I before we jump we're here at the field of Mars and for those of you
who don't feel you have any obligation to defend the great mother
to stand between the great mother
and the pollution of this existence right now in Ukraine you and I are
witnessing mothers and children being wiped out being wiped out
we're witnessing Nations stand back and watch it happen
yeah we're watching people justify it there is something that rocks even the
heart of the most stained fascist
and that's the mother we take on the kit of the mean ads
because we honor the great mother yeah yeah we make this this space sacred
for her Rob how are you doing sir
oh yeah hi how are you you're right that
was excellent he was uh you know I like hearing about you your history
excellent story on Israel is that tell megido
yeah and and it was an excellent excavation and everybody knows that on
two of the nights that I was there people sat up out of bed and said very strange
things and a very strange voice to me it was a powerful experience and a powerful
place and I will never forget riding horses through the valley of Jezreel
that's that's the way to go rob what do you think about Heracles and
um his fascination with the kit of the mean ads
profound I always say profound Delta but it says profound dentist it's
a it's kind of a it's it's confusing to me I'm going to be
totally honest it's confusing to me um to
kind of emulate that it's not I mean
I'm not misogynistic by any degree but
you know I I just um I I don't I don't want to come across as an opposition in
this book um scared of it I'm going to be honest about about that I'm scared of dressing
up in in uh lingerie to be honest with you and
I don't feel like I support support it completely I suppose any expression help you would it
help you Rob it would help you if I told you that right now in Behind These Wars are
people who are killing other people yeah for um doing things like
dressing up if you're a man like a woman for questioning for questioning gender
um for for looking at masculinity and feminine femininity through a lens
that's not traditionally accepted that the people you know on you can just say
Georgia right look at Georgia and what's been done
um for the the great mother could you would you could you consider
it for the sake of the great mother oh consider it I I have you know it's
it's um it's not something I haven't considered certainly don't I don't agree with
what what people do in in them countries or I
don't agree with that you can't it's really Daft in my opinion and I
don't I don't have much time for it personally uh I I off I often hear of
these things because a work in a place that quite a few guys who come from the European
Community come over and we require them because of the skills that they have and
um they have these views you know they they do have these views and it's not very nice
I don't you you know in England you can express
your views without having to suffer serious consequences for them but
it's also has an effect on the way people think of you and uh it's it's not a very nice way of
going about handling oneself in a situation that's it can be it can be that like as you say
it's devastating it is devastating to be to think people are losing their lives this is such a situational where they're
only expressing it you should be free to express yourself in however you feel like you'd want to that's my opinion of
of matters like I I want I wouldn't be able I want people to be able to express themselves
freely without any reprise or recalls from in any way shape or form really yeah you
should you still be able to do that express yourself you are you know and be honest with who
you are and share it be proud of it because that is you you know what if we
get what if we get a little more active about it Rob and what if we say it's uh it's almost an obligation of a free
Society to protect it's it's
um it's mothering source to go out and to to prevent the
destruction of that image the image of the mother um and is that what is Heracles you know
Bears the name of his mother right
Heracles yeah yeah um what she doesn't want right she
doesn't want and there's a whole there's a whole mythology and cult ritual built
around this there's entire temples around these great labors one of which is getting is getting a girdle right and
in the end Heracles ends up full-grown land breastfeeding from the mother of the cosmos
isn't that nice the the queen of Queens if we're going to bring that queen of
Queen back in our back into our Trinity cognitively right because this is all
quantum physics that we're doing don't we need to commit to that State of Mind where you and I
can sit comfortably I need to sit and I want people to know I want people to know I was breffing from the start in my
normal attire and it was Rob who said wait a minute wait a minute
um we're gonna all be dressed in Victoria's Secret but
um you're not right um so Rob I appreciate that and after consultation with the devil and in fact
you have me you have me on a you know it's a clause within the contract but
it's you know it's something I have to abide by so I'll be there too I'll be
there too and um we want people we want to use this
exercise to show people that um
the mean attic starting point is still living that this
the mystery they said was something that you could bring that was living that was a process and
that this could affect history that's why I keep saying let's bring back lady Babylon she is that operation she is
that all bridging Tower and to bring her back we have to don't
isn't it rational that we have to enter into the state I mean so many medicine
men Native American medicine men can't be that wrong there's something about the necromancy
here that we're trying to bring out and um so I invite people and I'm
inviting people now and I wanted people to see Rob tonight because Rob is as
genuine and as transparent as you can get of a human being he's not trying to hide anything
right he's a lover of the Muse and he will follow her and I know that for a
fact he'll follow her and he is having a difficult time
yep considering the options yes right so um yeah go ahead I'm sorry you're right
yeah I'm the way it goes for me is
if this is supposed to be my my path and my way then I'll I'll find out I'll I'll
be I'll be shown there'll be something there'll be a signal or a sign or something that I'll recognize and follow
for the minute I'm just frightened I'm sure I'm sure I'm not alone I'm sure I'm
not alone in that and I'm sure there's Manny Manu ready to express themselves
then you got me full support complete and full support me uh
I'm like that whether it's your life you know it's um you show myself to see what
happens with so for our our judge will be Cersei our
judge will be Cersei in one aspect I will call the rounds and Cersei will
judge for the sake of prizes and she will do so by polling the audience
by pulling the audience so we will have your your um
when you become a Marcus and you step up and you're wearing this you're wearing
your feminine kit and you're drawing that attention when you
become that Marcus you will then have the capacity
to enter into
the Ecstasy you will be at the point that your mind
is primed for what the right can deliver it's
again it's not my rules it's just from the past just these texts that are telling us this okay not many detectives
go to the crime scene and put on the Killer's pants right not many of them go through and
stick their finger into the bullet wound right but that's because they wouldn't
want to contaminate it with DNA but that's what we need to do we need to get down we need to get down to the very
basis of what these texts are talking about in order to get there Rob I have to put on the kit
I have to be in that state from the throne now you will have evangelicals who will
hear that and who will readily understand that we are following the way of Cain
right and are aren't we then aren't we then preparing the place for lady
Babylon yes right yes if you can get over
and this is the funny thing I started this process and I tell you what I'm frustrated because every one of those
gowns is going to make me look fat every one of them every one of them and I have had a bad
body image for the last 24 hours when I realized what I was going to have to
present to you it makes me the first thing I thought about this morning when I got up is I
don't want to eat anything right I gotta get ready for this two-week uh and then I stopped myself
and said what what kind of reasoning is this I've put myself into a position that I'm now
reasoning in a way that I don't normally do right in a way that we can smell has the
sense that comes from her coming from her if you are performing testicular tanning
you are never going to fill up with her right it's the wrong direction gentlemen
and who knew that better than anyone the greatest most masculine Greek hero that
walks the face of ancient mythology yeah so
um if you're a Roman soldier and you don't have a problem with this right
um it's because you respect Heracles and Heracles is the glory of Hera the queen of Queens
right that that mother that accepts you to her breast
right you can't get there if you're if you're fascist I'm sorry something blocks you right you can't get there
that mother is a Nazi killer yeah yeah so
um yeah Rob any any final words I don't want to we're going way over time we're
15 minutes over any any final words observations from your Vantage Point on
what's going on okay I'm just glad it was on mute because I was laughing my head off time that was fantastic
thank you I thoroughly enjoyed the episode everything's going on fantastic in the community
uh Snappy's doing a fantastic job and a shout out to him because
just doing a great job on on Discord encourage everyone get on the Discord tomorrow so we can do the course I'll be
on the I'll be on the Discord and by the looks of the chat it's going to be a
busy morning for you come on yeah yeah thanks and thanks to Snappy
um for the protecting against the Confederates that keep charging in yeah
thanks um I think that's a particular American contingency of Confederates
there and um guess what guys guess what guys
you worship a dude who was arrested in a public park with a naked boy sorry
yeah hail Satan that was hating see you tomorrow
show me the girl I ever met I wanted
and it's bad where is that Golden Palace where is
that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]